Design.txt
Created by Arjun Desai (ad12)
NetId: add36

Genre: Top Down Scrolling Shooter
Name:  Death Trap
Backstory: NASA has detected a wormhole near Jupiter and has spotted a UFO moving closer to Earth.
           A Resistance informant has also revealed that another wormhole has opened near Jaku,
           the Death Star's last known location. NASA has signaled for a code red hostile takeover
           and declared this as a state of emergency. While Russia and the United States finally 
           team up and point their nuclear weapons to space instead of each other, NASA has directed
           Elon Musk to send the first fighter jet into space. He has made a plane modeled after the 
           Resistance X-wing and has chosen you, the top pilot in world, to man the jet. 
           Defeat the Sith or watch the Earth be destroyed. The balance of the universe lies in 
           your hands. Do not fail.
Goal: Fight the enemy ships and avoid being crushed by the asteroids in the Belt. Manuever past the
      Belt and destroy all the long-range fighter jets the Death Star has sent. After those jets,
      take out the Death Star.
Basic Mechanics: Keys-->Effect
                 left arrow-->go left
                 right arrow-->go right
                 up arrow--> go faster up
                 down arrow-->slow down
                 spacebar-->fire
                 
                 Cheat Code:
                 M-->fire missile
                 P-->pause game
                 V-->active shield 
Levels Differ:
     Level 1: Fight against long range fighter jets (LRFJ)
              Single shot destroys the jets
              Jets move off screen and cannot shoot up after they go off the screen
     Level 2: Death Star (DS) and long range fighter jets
              LRFJ- destroyed by single shot
              DS- has hit points and shield, requires multiple shots to destroy
              DS does not move off of screen--> stays on screen and continues firing
              DS can shoot bullets and missiles--> do different amounts of damage to player
              Speed increases
              